You say the wind
He doesn't know where to go
As soon as this kid came back, he went out to cause trouble
I don't know what's on his mind
Negative son, oops
The wind can't stand me being bullied by others
Thanks to my son today
If it weren't for my son, my old life would be
I don't know when these days will end.
Mom and Dad
I'm back!
Where have you been?
A friend I met at Drunken Jade
Doing business in Lanzhou
Today's matter has been settled by him
He also gave me a villa
Oops, what's real or fake?
Son, those people are from the Dragon Tiger Gang.
You just settled it like that?
Mom, don't worry.
From Now On
There is no more emotion in this world
My son didn't have a good meal
I went out to cut meat and make dumplings for him
No.
Mom and Dad
I'll show you the new house tomorrow
Mom and Dad, this is the new house we're going to live in
Where did it come from?
son
Is this where you belong?